OKTA-698520 Add target and source terms to OAuth 2.0 Org2Org (#4725)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/secure-oauth-between-orgs/main/index.md

---
title: Secure API connections between orgs with OAuth 2.0
excerpt: Learn how to synchronize users and groups between orgs with OAuth 2.0 in a multi-tenant solution. Use the Okta Org2Org app in a hub-and-spoke (target-and-source) configuration with OAuth 2.0 as the authentication scheme for the provisioning connection.
layout: Guides
---

> This guide explains how to securely configure Okta hub-and-spoke orgs to synchronize users and groups by using OAuth 2.0 in a [multi-tenant solution](/docs/concepts/multi-tenancy/). The provisioning connection between Okta orgs is configured as an OAuth 2.0 [Org2Org app integration](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-org2org-intg). This connection provides API access to scoped data using the OAuth 2.0 Client Credential flow.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to securely configure Okta hub-and-spoke orgs to synchronize users and groups using OAuth 2.0 in a [multi-tenant solution](/docs/concepts/multi-tenancy/). In the hub-and-spoke model, the spoke org is also referred to as the source org and the hub org is the target org. The provisioning connection between Okta orgs is configured as an OAuth 2.0 [Org2Org app integration](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-org2org-intg). This connection provides API access to scoped data using the OAuth 2.0 Client Credential flow.
```

* At the spoke org level, an Org2Org app represents the OAuth 2.0 client

> * To limit access to the OAuth 2.0 clients, the hub org service app needs to be granted with allowed [OAuth 2.0 scopes](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/oauth2/#okta-admin-management).

Author: ```suggestion
* To limit access to the OAuth 2.0 clients, the hub-org service app needs to be granted with allowed [OAuth 2.0 scopes](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/oauth2/#okta-admin-management).
```
